"Concrete" is a magazine cover designed as a movie poster. I decided to draw a girl's image fractured to capture the themes of "breaking free". I then utilized tools in Adobe Photoshop to add bold letters, creating a noir/thriller aesthetic and setting a tone for the rest of the magazine.
For this "Vincent Van Gogh" project, this photo, taken at the Atlanta Vincent Van Gogh exhibit, presented stark contrast with great amounts of negative space. I wanted to convey a layout featuring a great artist in a minimalist/modern approach in order to honor his legacy and past/historical contributions from a modern lens.
For this artwork spread "Remember?", I drew a husband and wife's portrait, but without heads, stripping their identity. This was to capture the heart-wrenching struggle of memory loss. The color scheme was meant to create a staggering visual atmosphere of dementia and the "memories lost to the empty void".
"Dancing with the Stars," is a tribute to my teacher, Mrs. Pope and her daughter's passion in ballet. I painted a ballerina in a confident pose, evoking a feeling of reaching beyond and striving to be great; my aim was to portray how beautiful it is to find one's passion. I then drew a backdrop for the text, containing elements like clouds, bursts of light, feathers, and snow.
"Orbit" was an inspiration of "The Creation of Adam" and the beauty/vastness of the universe. The concept begins with two central figures adrift in an endless starry cosmos, reflecting the sense of isolation. The font, modern sans-serif, helped to complement the theme of a futuristic feel. 
This artwork, "Cracked" (Adobe Photoshop) was intended to explore our internal struggles vs the facade we show the world. My focus was to emphasize texture and contrast. I hope to challenge viewers to consider how outward appearances can hide one's battles and provoke thought on personal resilience and vulnerability.
This piece, "blood red", was meant to explore themes of losing of perspective and sight of identity. I intended the red stripe to resemble blood to suggest the pain of being misunderstood or misjudged in such a clouded world, and challenge the viewer's understanding of perspective and identity.
This movie poster is a homage to the animated psychological thriller "Perfect Blue." I intended to capture the complex and fragmented nature of the film’s protagonist. This poster is an exploration of the dark sides of celebrity life and my tribute to one of the most recognized Japanese horror films.
"Concrete Angel" was painted in grayscale to convey her timeless and ethereal nature, marred by a subtle hint of sorrowness in the remaining part of her that is "alive". This piece, for me, was not only a study of highlights and shadows, but also an exploration into the fragility of existence and the inevitable passage of time.
For this "Everything Everywhere All at Once," inspired artwork, my goal was to compare the mother and daughter’s complex relationship, something similar to my own relationship with my mother. From the movie, I took 2 very impactful scenes of each character and drew them upside down to portray their contrasting views. 
In this "La La Land" inspired artwork, I decided to take an abstract approach, not focusing on two lovers' trope, but their split and the aftermath of their relationship. I drew a poster of Sebastian’s advertisement of his jazz club, allowing me to explore one of the film’s themes for their individuality and passions.
